Objective:
Add a new "Access Style" selection when creating a new Focus Profile, giving users two clear options:

✅ Allow List: Block all sites except those the user selects.

🔒 Block List: Allow all sites except those the user blocks.

Design Reference:
✅ Please refer to the attached design screenshot for UI layout.
We already have the toggle design from the app version — follow the same visual style.

"Choose Your Access Style" heading

Two selectable cards:

Left: Allow List (checkmark icon)

Right: Block List (lock icon)

Default selection = Block List

Behavior:
Selecting either option should visually highlight the active card (like shown).

Clicking one card deselects the other.

The selected mode should be stored in the profile data model.

Functional Requirements:
Data Model Update:

Extend the profile model to include:

json
Copy
Edit
{
  "accessStyle": "allowlist" // or "blocklist"
}
Logic for Blocked Sites Selection:

If Block List is selected:

The user adds domains they want to block.

(Already works, no change needed.)

If Allow List is selected:

The user adds domains they want to allow.

All other domains will be blocked by default.

Important: Update copy in the site selection step to reflect:

"Add websites you want to allow during focus sessions."

Helper Text:

Below the selection cards, add helper text based on selection:

If Block List selected:
“We’ll block distracting sites while allowing access to everything else.”

If Allow List selected:
“We’ll block everything except the sites you’ve selected.”

Default Experience:

When users land on the profile creation screen, default the access style to Block List for simplicity.

Validation:

For Allow List, warn if no sites are added:

"⚠️ You haven’t selected any allowed sites. All web access will be blocked during focus sessions."

Persistence:

Save user’s selection to the profile for later editing.

When editing an existing profile, the previous Access Style should be pre-selected.

Futureproofing:

Build the logic cleanly for future "Recommended Lists" (e.g., pre-built categories like "Social Media" or "Entertainment").

